Add documentation about `pyproject.toml` (#2427)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/kedro_project_setup/settings.md

| `CONFIG_LOADER_CLASS`       | `kedro.config.ConfigLoader`                       | Customise how project configuration is handled.                                                                    |
| `CONFIG_LOADER_ARGS`        | `dict()`                                          | Keyword arguments for the `CONFIG_LOADER_CLASS` constructor.                                                       |
| `DATA_CATALOG_CLASS`        | `kedro.io.DataCatalog`                            | Customise how the [Data Catalog](../data/data_catalog.md) is handled.                                              |

## Settings in `pyproject.toml`

> The `pyproject.toml` file is defined in [PEP 518](https://peps.python.org/pep-0518/) as a configuration file to store build system requirements for Python projects.
> The `pyproject.toml` file in your project contains the metadata for your project and other tool specific configurations.

Reviewer: Historically yes, but later on it has been extended by PEP 517, and most importantly PEP 621. In addition, many tools started using it to store their settings (Kedro among them, but also most of the ecosystem, including linters etc). Not sure if we should get into specifics here (this is mostly interesting for Python packaging nerds like myself):

```suggestion
The `pyproject.toml` file is the standard way to store build metadata and tool settings for Python projects.
```

> Every Kedro project comes with a default pre-populated `pyproject.toml` file in your project root directory with the following keys specified under the `[tool.kedro]` section :

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Every Kedro project comes with a default pre-populated `pyproject.toml` file in your project root directory with the following keys specified under the `[tool.kedro]` section:

```

```toml
[tool.kedro]
package_name = <package_name>
project_name = <project_name>
kedro_init_version = <kedro_version>
```

> The `package_name` which should contain a [valid Python package name](https://peps.python.org/pep-0423/) for your project and `project_name` which should be a human-readable name for your project are mandatory keys.

Reviewer: I'm looking forward for us to merge `setup.py` and `pyproject.toml` so we can unify parts of this...

> The `package_name` which should contain a [valid Python package name](https://peps.python.org/pep-0423/) for your project and `project_name` which should be a human-readable name for your project are mandatory keys.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `package_name` should be a [valid Python package name](https://peps.python.org/pep-0423/) and the `project_name` should be a human-readable name. They are both mandatory keys for your project.
```

`kedro_init_version` specifies the version of Kedro the project was created with. When you upgrade to a newer Kedro version,

> this value should also be updated. <br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
this value should also be updated.

```

> You can also use `pyproject.toml` to specify settings for functionalities such as [micro-packaging](../nodes_and_pipelines/micro_packaging.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also use `pyproject.toml` to specify settings for functionalities such as [micro-packaging](../nodes_and_pipelines/micro_packaging.md).
```

> Additionally, you can also store the settings for the other tools you've used in your project, such as [`pytest` for automated testing](../development/automated_testing.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also store the settings for the other tools you've used in your project, such as [`pytest` for automated testing](../development/automated_testing.md).
```

> You can consult the respective documentation of the tools you have used to check how you can configure the settings using the `pyproject.toml` file for your project. <br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Consult the respective documentation for the tools you have used to check how you can configure the settings with the `pyproject.toml` file for your project. 
```

| `CONFIG_LOADER_ARGS`        | `dict()`                                          | Keyword arguments for the `CONFIG_LOADER_CLASS` constructor.                                                       |
| `DATA_CATALOG_CLASS`        | `kedro.io.DataCatalog`                            | Customise how the [Data Catalog](../data/data_catalog.md) is handled.                                              |

## Project metadata
The `pyproject.toml` file is the standard way to store build metadata and tool settings for Python projects.
Every Kedro project comes with a default pre-populated `pyproject.toml` file in your project root directory with the following keys specified under the `[tool.kedro]` section:

```toml
[tool.kedro]
package_name = package_name
project_name = project_name
kedro_init_version = kedro_version
```

The `package_name` should be a [valid Python package name](https://peps.python.org/pep-0423/) and the `project_name` should be a human-readable name. They are both mandatory keys for your project.
`kedro_init_version` specifies the version of Kedro the project was created with. When you upgrade to a newer Kedro version,

> this value should also be updated.

Reviewer 3: Isn't it the version of the "starter"? Just double checking

Author: I think it's the version of Kedro used to create the project. It's also there when you make a blank project with `kedro new`

You can also use `pyproject.toml` to specify settings for functionalities such as [micro-packaging](../nodes_and_pipelines/micro_packaging.md).
You can also store the settings for the other tools you've used in your project, such as [`pytest` for automated testing](../development/automated_testing.md).

> Consult the respective documentation for the tools you have used to check how you can configure the settings with the `pyproject.toml` file for your project.

Reviewer 3: Just a wild idea, can we link our `pyproject.toml` as an example? 

https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro/blob/main/pyproject.toml
